## Assignment 3: Practice Formulating Null Hypotheses
### 1. IDEA: Do diets help lose more fat than exercise?

* *Ho* : The average weight loss on a diet is less than or equal to the average weight loss by exercising. 
Diet Weight Loss <= Exercise Weight Loss

* *Ha* : The average weight loss on a diet is greater than the average weight loss by exercising. 
Diet Weight Loss > Exercise Weight Loss

### 2. IDEA: Do Americans trust the President?

Poll Results: On May 16, 1994, Newsweek reported the results of a public opinion poll that asked: "From everything you know about Bill Cliton, does he have the honesty and integrity you expect in a president?" (p.23). Poll surveyed 518 adults and 233, or 0.45 of them answered yes. 

* *Ho* : The percentage of adults that report not trusting the president is less than or equal to the percentage of adults that claim to trust the president. 
Distrust of Pres <= Trust of Pres

* *Ha* : The percentage of adults that report not trusting the president is greater than the percentage of adults that claim to trust the president. 
Distrust of Pres > Trust of Pres

### 3. IDEA: Effectiveness of nicotine patches to quit smoking. 

* *Ho* : The cessation rate for smokers randomly assigned to use a nicotine patch is less than or equal to the cessation rate of smokers assigned a placebo path. 
Nicotine Cessation <= Placebo Cessation

* *Ha* : The cessation rate for smokers randomly assigned to use a nicotine patch is greater than the cessation rate of smokers assigned a placebo path. 
Nicotine Cessation > Placebo Cessation


### 4. IDEA: Quantify the danger of smoking for pregnant women.

* *Ho* : The IQ of children at ages 1,2,3,4 whose mothers smoked while pregnant is the same or higher than children whose mothers did not smoke while pregnant. 
IQ Smoking Mother >= IQ Nonsmoking Mother

* *Ha* : The IQ of children at ages 1,2,3,4 whose mothers smoked while pregnant is significantly lower than children whose mothers did not smoke while pregnant. 
IQ Smoking Mother < IQ Nonsmoking Mother


 
